solving issues#20289 - part 1/2 - adding a sentence as requested (#20805)
github/docs: content/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/attaching-files.md

{% endnote %}{% endif %}

> Once you attached a file, it will be upload directly to GitHub (it will NOT wait for issue/PR/comment submission). Then, you can see the new URL attached to this file, with a URL like `https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/*random folder name*/*random identifications*.png`. This means that, even if you do NOT submit your issue/PR/comment, the file has _already_ been uploaded in GitHub servers, and can be reached through the [anonymized URL](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/github/authenticating-to-github/about-anonymized-urls).

Reviewer: Updates to bring into line with our style guide and to make the text applicable to all versions of GitHub including GitHub Enterprise Server.

```suggestion
When you attach a file, it is uploaded immediately to {% data variables.product.product_name %} and the text field is updated to show the anonymized URL for the file. {% ifversion fpt or ghec %}For more information on anonymized URLs see "[About anonymized URLs](/github/authenticating-to-github/about-anonymized-urls)".{% endif %}
```
